NatGateway integration – step 1 (#50)
gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure: docs/usage-as-end-user.md

In the `networks.serviceEndpoints[]` list you can specify the list of Azure service endpoints which shall be associated with the worker subnet. All available service endpoints and their technical names can be found in the (Azure Service Endpoint documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-service-endpoints-overview).

> The `networks.natGateway` section contains configuration for the Azure NatGateway which can be attached to the worker subnet of the Shoot cluster. The NatGateway is currently optional and can be enabled/disabled via the field `networks.natGateway.enabled`. If the NatGateway is not deployed then the outgoing traffic initiated within the Shoot cluster will be routed via cluster LoadBalancer (default behaviour, see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/load-balancer/load-balancer-outbound-connections#scenarios)). **Restrictions:** The NatGateway is currently only available for zoned clusters (`.zoned=true`, see [#43](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure/issues/43) for more details). Furthermore the Azure NatGateway is not yet general available (GA), you need to register your subscription to participate on the preview for NatGateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `networks.natGateway` section contains configuration for the Azure NatGateway which can be attached to the worker subnet of the Shoot cluster. The NatGateway is currently optional and can be enabled/disabled via the field `networks.natGateway.enabled`. If the NatGateway is not deployed then the outgoing traffic initiated within the Shoot cluster will be routed via cluster LoadBalancer (default behaviour, see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/load-balancer/load-balancer-outbound-connections#scenarios)). **Restrictions:** The NatGateway is currently only available for zoned clusters (`.zoned=true`, see [#43](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure/issues/43) for more details). Furthermore, the Azure NatGateway is not yet generally available (GA) from Azure side, hence, you need to register your subscription to participate on the preview for NatGateway.
```

> The `networks.natGateway` section contains configuration for the Azure NatGateway which can be attached to the worker subnet of the Shoot cluster. The NatGateway is currently optional and can be enabled/disabled via the field `networks.natGateway.enabled`. If the NatGateway is not deployed then the outgoing traffic initiated within the Shoot cluster will be routed via cluster LoadBalancer (default behaviour, see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/load-balancer/load-balancer-outbound-connections#scenarios)). **Restrictions:** The NatGateway is currently only available for zoned clusters (`.zoned=true`, see [#43](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure/issues/43) for more details) and it will not deployed zone redundant yet. Furthermore, the Azure NatGateway is not yet generally available (GA) from Azure side, hence, you need to register your subscription to participate on the preview for NatGateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `networks.natGateway` section contains configuration for the Azure NatGateway which can be attached to the worker subnet of the Shoot cluster. The NatGateway is currently optional and can be enabled/disabled via the field `networks.natGateway.enabled`. If the NatGateway is not deployed then the outgoing traffic initiated within the Shoot cluster will be routed via cluster LoadBalancer (default behaviour, see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/load-balancer/load-balancer-outbound-connections#scenarios)). **Restrictions:** The NatGateway is currently only available for zoned clusters (`.zoned=true`, see [#43](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extension-provider-azure/issues/43) for more details) and it will not be deployed zone-redundant yet. Furthermore, the Azure NatGateway is not yet generally available (GA) from Azure side, hence, you need to register your subscription to participate in the preview for NatGateway.
```

Author: done
